
                                 libspotify 12.1.45
                   ----------------------------------------

                       Copyright © 2006-2012 Spotify Ltd

1.  INTRODUCTION

    This is the libspotify C API package.  With it, you can write applications
    that utilize the Spotify music streaming service.


2.  PACKAGE STRUCTURE

    The package is structured as follows:

      libspotify-12.1.45-iOS/
        ChangeLog                    Contains description of new and changed
                                     functionality in libspotify
        README                       This README file
        LICENSE                      License governing the library,
                                     and associated files.
        licenses.xhtml               License governing third party libraries
                                     included in libspotify.
        libspotify.framework         The libspotify framework,
                                     including the header and shared library.
        doc/
          html/                      Documentation in HTML format
                                     This information is also available online.
          images/                    Graphics for use with applications
                                     using libspotify. See section 6 below.
        man3/                        Manual pages for libspotify
        examples/                    Root directory for the example
                                     source code


3.  COMPATIBILITY AND REQUIREMENTS

    The library was compiled as a universal binary for armv6, armv7 and i386.

    It requires:
    - iOS 4.0 or later

4.  INSTALLATION
    
4.1 Linking with an iOS app using Xcode 4

    1. Drag and drop libspotify.framework to the "Frameworks" group in
       the project navigator.
    2. In the project navigator, select your project. Select your target
       and select the "Build Phases" tab.
    3. In the "Link Binary With Libraries" group, click on the "+" button.
    4. Select CFNetwork.framework and click "Add".
    5. Repeat this with libstdc++.dylib.
    
    There are additional things you can and should do as an audio app;
    setting the audio session category and activity; setting your background
    modes in info.plist; checking Reachability; and so on.
    
4.2 Examples
    There are a number of examples in doc/examples, but they are mostly Unix
    command line examples. For Objective-C examples, see the CocoaLibSpotify
    wrapper and sample apps at https://github.com/spotify/cocoalibspotify/.


5.  APPLICATION KEYS

    The example programs require a file called appkey.c which is not present in
    the package.  You will need to request an application key at the
    developer website at http://developer.spotify.com/ before being able to
    run them.


6.  LOGOTYPES AND TRADEMARK

    The graphics found in the images/ subdirectory are available for use in
    applications using libspotify. The terms and conditions for the use of these
    are available on http://developer.spotify.com/.

    A text file is included in images/, containing the text to be used in
    non-graphical applications.


7.  LICENSE

    You should have received a separate LICENSE file together with this README.
